while I'm there are so many songs about
rainbows and what's on the other side
rainbows are visions but only illusions
and rainbows have nothing to hide
so we've been told and some choose to
believe it I know they're all wait and
see someday we'll find it The Rainbow
Connection
the lovers the dreamers and me who said
that every wish would be heard and
answered when wish form the morning star
somebody father man and someone believed
it
it's done so far
what's all amazing that keeps our star
gazing and what do we think we might see
[Music]
someday we'll find it The Rainbow
Connection the lovers the dreamers and
[Music]
it's well we know that it's probably man
have you been ever sleep have you heard
voices I've heard them falling
the sweet sound that calls the young
fellers the voice might be one and the
same
I've heard it too many times to ignore
it it's something that I'm supposed to
be someday
fine
the longer the dreamers and me
[Music]
of what you just saw of course you did
click below to subscribe and until Miss
Piggy sent you I get a cut of the action
on everyone we sign up